After you follow the steps bellow, you may have to reconfigure settings that are related to the following features:

Free/busy publishing
	Delegates
	Direct booking

Exit Outlook.
	Make sure that there is an online mode profile for the mailbox.
	
	Note If there is no online mode profile, use the Mail item in Control Panel to create an online mode profile for the mailbox.
	Download the MFCMapi tool. To do this, visit the following Microsoft Web site:
	http://mfcmapi.codeplex.com/
	
	Start the MfcMapi.exe program that you downloaded, and then click OK.
	On the Tools menu, click Options.
	Click to enable the check boxes the following two options, and then click OK.
		
Use the MDB_ONLINE flag when calling Open MsgStore
		Use the MAPI_NO_CACHE flag when calling OpenEntry	
	
	On the Session menu, click Logon.
	In the Profile Name list, select the profile for the mailbox, and then click OK.
	Double-click the appropriate Microsoft Exchange Message Store.
	In the navigation pane, click Root Container.
	In the details pane, right-click PR_FREEBUSY_ENTRYIDS, click Delete Property, and then click OK.
	In the navigation pane, expand Root Container, expand Top of Information Store, and then click Inbox.

Note: Top of Information Store could be localized to another language depending on mailbox regional settings.
	
In the details pane, right-click PR_FREEBUSY_ENTRYIDS, click Delete Property, and then click OK.
	Clean your local free/busy data. To do this, follow the steps for your version of Outlook.
	
	Outlook 2013 and later versions:
	
	Outlook 2010 and earlier versions:
	
In the navigation pane, expand Root Container.
		Double-click Freebusy Data.
		In the upper pane, find the item with the Subject of LocalFreebusy. Right-click it, and then click Delete message.
		For Deletion style, select Permanent delete passing DELETE_HARD_DELETE (unrecoverable), and then click OK.
		Press Windows Key + R to open a Run dialog box. Type outlook.exe /cleanfreebusy, and then click OK.	
	
	Close all of the MFCMapi windows.

For the free/busy publishing feature
	
Start Outlook.
	On the File tab, click Options, and then click Calendar.
	Click Free/Busy Options, and then click Other Free/Busy.
	In the Free/Busy Options dialog box, change the Publish <x> month(s) of Calendar free/busy information setting to a value that differs from the current setting.
	
	NoteIf you do not change the Publish month(s) of Calendar free/busy information setting value, Outlook does not update the hidden free/busy information.
	Click OK three times.
	On the File tab, click Exit.

For the delegates feature

Start Outlook.
	On the File tab, click Account Settings, and then click Delegate Access.
	Select the delegate that you want to reconfigure, and then click Permissions.
	Click to select the options that you want in the Delegate Permissions dialog box, and then click OK.
	Repeat step 3 and step 4 for all delegates.
	Click OK.
	On the File tab, click Exit.

For the direct booking feature

Start Outlook.
	On the File tab, click Options, and then click Calendar.
	In Outlook 2016 or 2013, click Auto Accept/Decline, or in Outlook 2010, click Resource Scheduling.
	Click to select the check boxes that you want.
	Click OK two times.
	On the File menu, click Exit.